README.md, before:

# Welcome 🖖 
## CS | Georgia Tech | FRC 1771 Programming Mentor
### I love embedded devices, intelligence, and any hands-on software engineering
### Looking to expand technical expertise and collaborate to build solutions with real impacts.

## [Resume](https://github.com/FarkasJoseph/Resume/blob/main/main.pdf)

###     Skills & Experience
- C/C++, Embedded systems and Robotics : Time-optimal trajectory planning, numerical solving, resilient and smooth system control
- Computer Vision: Feduicals, localizing, Kalman filtering
- Machine Learning: Python, Jupyter, Tensorflow and Mediapipe : Neural Network models identifying body language, gestures, etc
- Frontend Development: Flutter/Dart, Java (+JavaFX), Javascript, HTML/CSS

### Recent Work
- I recently finished the HackGT hackathon building a live and seamless tool for notetaking and making reminders from real conversations.
- My team won the Best use of Mongo DB and an Honorable Mention from Google Cloud for [DocDoctor](https://github.com/karthiksing05/DocDoctor-AI-ATL): a CSM tool for transcribing customer calls in real-time and provide intuitive documentation lookup. ([Devpost](https://devpost.com/software/docdoctor))
- I also won the Retro Track at the HackNC hackathon for [SlashSend](https://github.com/kevinzhxng/SlashSpend)! ([Devpost](https://devpost.com/software/slashspend))
- I'm currently working on a Personal Finance app for CS2340, with collaborative goal tracking and a chatbot for intuitive use.

<!-- ####    🔭 I’m currently working on an android app for CS2340 -->

####    📫  You can reach me @ josephfarkas@gatech.edu

<!-- ![](https://github.com/mrredness/github-stats/blob/master/generated/overview.svg)

![](https://github.com/mrredness/github-stats/blob/master/generated/languages.svg) -->

[![FarkasJoseph's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=FarkasJoseph&langs_count=10&layout=compact&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR&count_private=true&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=00000000)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=FarkasJoseph&langs_count=10&layout=compact&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR&count_private=true&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=00000000&hide=html)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<!--
[![Wakatime](https://wakatime.com/share/@018bcffe-5abf-4894-acd6-0ce0310dfd2a/8832125e-cdae-4bc2-976c-6643fa8ab2ca.svg)](https://wakatime.com)
-->

<!--
**MrRedness/MrRedness** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with recent projects and stats
Updated recent work and added Hackatime stats.

README.md, after:

# Welcome 🖖 
## CS | Georgia Tech | FRC 1771 Programming Mentor
### I love embedded devices, intelligence, and any hands-on software engineering
### Looking to expand technical expertise and collaborate to build solutions with real impacts.

## [Resume](https://github.com/FarkasJoseph/Resume/blob/main/main.pdf)

###     Skills & Experience
- C/C++, Embedded systems and Robotics : Time-optimal trajectory planning, numerical solving, resilient and smooth system control
- Computer Vision: Feduicals, localizing, Kalman filtering
- Machine Learning: Python, Jupyter, Tensorflow and Mediapipe : Neural Network models identifying body language, gestures, etc
- Frontend Development: Flutter/Dart, Java (+JavaFX), Javascript, HTML/CSS

### Recent Work
- This semester, I'm a member of the [Georgia Tech RoboCup](https://github.com/RoboJackets/robocup-software) competitive autonomous soccer robotics software team, working on ROS integration, autonomous strategies, and computer vision.
- I'm also involved with Guidance, Navigation and Control at Propulsive Lander, and we're aiming to be the first ever collegiate team to achieve VTOL with a hybrid rocket. My concentration has been in model predictive control and navigation algorithms.
- I recently finished the HackGT hackathon building a live and seamless tool for notetaking and making reminders from real conversations.
- My team won the Best use of Mongo DB and an Honorable Mention from Google Cloud for [DocDoctor](https://github.com/karthiksing05/DocDoctor-AI-ATL): a CSM tool for transcribing customer calls in real-time and provide intuitive documentation lookup. ([Devpost](https://devpost.com/software/docdoctor))
- I also won the Retro Track at the HackNC hackathon for [SlashSend](https://github.com/kevinzhxng/SlashSpend)! ([Devpost](https://devpost.com/software/slashspend))
- I'm currently working on a Personal Finance app for CS2340, with collaborative goal tracking and a chatbot for intuitive use.

<!-- ####    🔭 I’m currently working on an android app for CS2340 -->

####    📫  You can reach me @ josephfarkas@gatech.edu

<!-- ![](https://github.com/mrredness/github-stats/blob/master/generated/overview.svg)

![](https://github.com/mrredness/github-stats/blob/master/generated/languages.svg) -->

[![FarkasJoseph's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=FarkasJoseph&langs_count=10&layout=compact&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR&count_private=true&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=00000000&&custom_title=Joseph's+GitHub+Stats)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

![FarkasJoseph's Recent Hackatime stats](https://github-readme-stats.hackclub.dev/api/wakatime?username=22494&api_domain=hackatime.hackclub.com&&custom_title=Joseph's+Hackatime+Stats&layout=compact&cache_seconds=0&langs_count=8&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&bg_color=00000000)


<!-- {{ wakatimeDoubleCategoryBar "💾 Languages:" wakatimeData.Languages "💼 Projects:" wakatimeData.Projects 5 }} -->
<!--
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=FarkasJoseph&langs_count=10&layout=compact&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR&count_private=true&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=00000000&hide=html)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
-->

<!--
[![Wakatime](https://wakatime.com/share/@018bcffe-5abf-4894-acd6-0ce0310dfd2a/8832125e-cdae-4bc2-976c-6643fa8ab2ca.svg)](https://wakatime.com)
-->

<!--
**MrRedness/MrRedness** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
